PHP SDK: add `versioning` page (#2951)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/php/index.mdx

- [Cancel an Activity from a Workflow](/develop/php/cancellation#cancel-an-activity)

## Versioning

> The [Versioning feature guide](/develop/php/versioning) shows how to change Workflow Definitions without causing non-deterministic behavior in current long-running Workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PHP SDK [Versioning developer guide](/develop/php/versioning) shows how to change Workflow Definitions without causing non-deterministic behavior in current long-running Workflows.
```
